---
path: covid-update
date: 2020-04-06T18:27:40.406Z
title: Year of the Wild
description: >-
  Why I started off 2020 at home, and continue to be home with the latest
  outbreak of craziness.
---
Hi to all and anyone who peeks at my ever changing portfolio.  I updated my design yet again. Will I ever stick to a layout? Nope. Many of you will understand once you have the power to get creative. I still have the same branding colors because I love the vibrant 90's pink and Diamond Blue. That's what I call them.  This time I gave my portfolio a more Vaporwave/Outrun vibe. It's been my favorite of the last year, I've been doing so much self branding with the whole Vaporwave/Outrun vibe. 

Now to the meat of this post which is what happened to your boy during the turn of the decade. My last employer, Membersy, and I parted ways mutually right before Christmas, sad I know.  I do want to take full responsibility as I just couldn't conform to their culture. The people were really cool and down to earth but we didn't vibe at all. The total staff their was very little as was. I'm talking like 10 people total separated by a conference room. I literally only had two people to talk to all day. It was like prison. I couldn't leave early or do anything other than 9-5. Anything I did was heavily scrutinized.  The culture was so boring and I felt trapped mentally.  Everyone around me seemed like they were afraid to be anything. The CEO was very intimidating to them and I can see why. Anything I did where I expressed free will, I had a talking to. Every single time! I couldn't have a mind of my own. That was extremely unbecoming of me and those who know me know that I am never like that. I have to have a free and creative mind to thrive. Something that I've always had but my old CEO and boss really brought that out of me. 

 I came from a company that I helped bring into the millions in revenue to in large part of how awesome the CEO was. John Carter is his name, look him up. He is one of my favorite human beings ever and I will always have his back.  His ideaology and thinking helped the entire company thrive and is why people loved to come into work. I never once took a sick day the entire 3 years I was there because of the flexibility and work-life balance. This company had it all, lunches, massages, flexibility, gym paid, etc.   Many people often question me hard as to why I would ever leave. Like I had it all. But anyone reading this who is in my industry, Web Dev, Engineer, Creative etc, would understand that I was only ever going to be a Junior Web Dev there. I couldn't move up. The company was going to stay small to medium and continue to use the same technology. WordPress. I didn't want to be a WP Dev. I needed to break out and flex my knowledge.  I wasn't getting any pay like my peers out in the Dev world either.  All the benefits and luxury made up for it however. But career wise I needed to get out. Hopefully when I have a ton more experience and the company grows, I can come back to my family. They were my family and I will never forget. 

Which leads me to today. I am thankful for my skillset and always continuing to be the best. It didn't take me long at all to get tons of interviews. After Christmas break, I had a nice little mental recovery break and went in on applying to dream jobs. I learned to what I want and that is to never work for a company like Membersy ever again. Seriously, a prison, 9 to 5, no culture, no snacks, no nothing but boredom. I'd rather be quarantined in my house for months then work for them again, oh wait...

I received around 20 initial interviews, accepted about 10, got the final stages of about 5. Boy, was it exhausting. I received two offers, both out of state and was super excited but scared to leave everything behind. Austin is everything to me. I, then was contacted by a recruited from Callaway Golf Interactive about a position. I read the description and was like wow, that's so me. A perfect blend of UX Design and Coding. I knew I had to at least go for it. They moved pretty quickly threw all of the steps and offered me a job as well. I asked for a higher salary and they accepted so boom. I accepted the offer and here I am. I love it here. Exactly what I was looking for. Another great culture with snacks, flexibility and cool people to be around. Everything's been strong up until COVID! Now I'm back to being home albeit now I am working but still. So I have been at home almost all of 2020. It's been the worst year to date. Kobe died, etc.  Anyway thank you for reading. My next post will be a Shopify Tutorial.